get off the barn get on the wall
what's my name Popeye Doyle if he
doesn't like you he'll take you apart
and it's all perfectly legal because
Doyle fights dirty and plays rough Doyle
is bad news but he's a good cop
[Music]
Jewish lucky what about the last
big-time spenders thank you
no you he's spreading it around like the
Russians are in Jersey I say we stick I
don't get my tail my friend's name is
Boca Salvatore Boca VOCA
for downtown there pretty sure you
pulled off a contract on a guy named
DeMarco and that's not a drop old
another charge for your Bloomingdale's
VOCA doesn't matter
Ellen our old after working all day and
night we tell them we Sally who do we
come up with the French Connection a
millionaire exporter what I record to
clean to be true and Doyle knows it but
he's been known to make mistakes your
hunches are backfired before though
this time can't afford to be wrong
[Music]
I know the deal hasn't gone down I know
it hasn't like it either Fela I'm dead
certain last time your get certainly up
a dead cop
[Music]
I know Milo put your hands in the air
just a cup please be a payoff
[Music]
chase unstop
all right
[Music]
French Connection